hello rich
and welcome to the special 1000
squirrels
good guys at the request of many of
you have asked me to live real that
make the special 1000 so here you
I bring my stupid and sensual voice so
yes they are in love give it like butt
good guys I wanted to thank you all
that we are a thousand people and that without
you capi would not be anything the channel is
of all together so all the support
that you have given has paid off like this
what guys really thank you all
and as thanks I created a
official facebook page to be able
be more with you and so inform you
of when will I play when I'm going to do
a direct so that you can sign up and
nobody left out
and many of you guys told me
who wanted to appear in the special so
I want to do a live show in which
I want to inform by the link in the
facebook description of when
we will do so so that you can
point and all that and so we all play and
are all too so I leave you with
the video and enjoy it squirrels
to see where you are hacker that is very
heavy already with your hage and to see seriously
well here I have the scorpion
put for you
little friends come see come that comes
come let's move on a moment let's go now
you are going to catch
what
but this man is not going to petar the nexus
that this fame hit 6 kilometers no no
let's see let's aim dies or lad
to play the fool to see what's coming and
back we are with the scorpion but
this time I want to throw the vacuum to see if
hooked one to see
we have seen we have come comes
comes
heritage
now mate because I am followed by
partner
the smartest topics do not go
the languages life
today they sail clearly
no no no no
coli
sometimes
it was holding me back
anyway
good guys we have reached the end of
video I hope you have entertained is
the truth I did it very short but my
only intention was to take out a smile
so I hope you got it and
guys, really, thank you very much everyone
all a few machines to always support
to the channel as there are you and guys
See you in the next video I'm
Captain Kiko and this is my sensual voice
until the next video out our
dignitas I love you